Snippets VS Code Extension (#722)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: vscode-extensions/snippets/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> We greatly welcome contributions. You can help make the snippets better by improving snippets, documentation, samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We greatly welcome contributions. You can help to make the snippets better by improving snippets, documentation, samples.
```

Author: Updated

## Developing

Install vsce globally:
```bash
npm install --global @vscode/vsce
```

Verify the installation:
```bash
vsce --version
```

> * You can run and debug this extension by using VS Code menu `Run and Debug` on the left sidebar or Press `F5`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can run and debug this extension by using VS Code menu `Run and Debug` on the left sidebar or press `F5`
```

Author: I want to make it bolder

* Create a new file with a file name suffix matching your language.
* Verify that your snippets are proposed on IntelliSense.

### Make changes

* You can relaunch the extension from the debug toolbar after making changes to the files listed above.

> * You can also reload (`Ctrl+R` or `Cmd+R` on Mac) the VS Code window with your extension to load your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can reload the VS Code window with your extension by pressing `Ctrl+R` or `Cmd+R` on Mac to load your changes.
```

Author: Updated

## Install extension

> * To start using your extension with Visual Studio Code by use command `npm run install:extension`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To start using your extension with VS Code, you can use command `npm run install:extension` to install the extension.
```

Author: Updated

## CLI Commands

Package extension to `*.vsix` file:
```bash

> npm run package

Reviewer: Please update CLI commands to align with CLI in package.json

Author: Updated
